chore: service accounts GA (#3059)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/how-to/how-to-create-service-accounts.mdx

:::info availability

> Service accounts is an enterprise feature available from 4.21 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service accounts is an enterprise feature available from Unleash 4.21 onwards.
```
